You can also register beans with the bean annotation.
You can register a bean with two types of annotations component and component derivatives like service
or repo.
And being.
In this lesson, you will register a bean with a bean definition.
So going through the process, step one is to create a B definition.
A B definition is an annotated method.
That returns a dependency.
Configuration marks the class as a source for being definitions.
So spring is going to know to find the beans here, create them and add them to the spring container.
And then, as always, auto wired wires the bean into the class that needs it.
For the time being.
Remove the repository annotation.
We can register the repository as a bean using the bean definition.
So first, what you must do is create a class called app config.
So first, create a file called app config java.
And this class is responsible for registering beans.
First we will create a method that returns a greater repository object grade repo.
This method will return.
A new object of the grade repository class.
We're going to mark this method as a beam definition.
The last step is to annotate the app config class with add configuration.
Spring adds the object that the bean definition returns inside the spring container.
And then, as always, auto wired wires the bean wherever it's needed.
So if you run your application, let's make sure everything still works.
We'll go back to the form.
We'll say Harry a plus potions.
Everything is still fine.
All right.
Now.
This is great, but I don't really like registering beans like this.
It's so much work for something we can easily accomplish with the component annotation.
So I'm actually going to delete app config.
And restore the component annotation or the component derivative in this case repository.
So you might be wondering, why did I show you this method?
It's good to be familiar with more than one way of doing something.
You never know when you'll need it.
So to recap, you register to be using a Bing definition.
Configuration marks the class as a source for being definitions.
So spring is going to know to find the beans here, create them and add them to the spring container.
And then, as always, auto wire to wires the bean into the class that needs it.